c:\users\lopatin.oleg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GreenLight\GreenLight\bin\Debug\GreenLight.exe.config
c:\users\lopatin.oleg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GreenLight\GreenLight\bin\Debug\GreenLight.exe
c:\users\lopatin.oleg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GreenLight\GreenLight\bin\Debug\GreenLight.pdb
c:\users\lopatin.oleg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GreenLight\GreenLight\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\users\lopatin.oleg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GreenLight\GreenLight\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\users\lopatin.oleg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GreenLight\GreenLight\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\lopatin.oleg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GreenLight\GreenLight\bin\Debug\Nelibur.Core.dll
c:\users\lopatin.oleg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GreenLight\GreenLight\bin\Debug\Nelibur.dll
c:\users\lopatin.oleg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GreenLight\GreenLight\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\lopatin.oleg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GreenLight\GreenLight\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\users\lopatin.oleg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GreenLight\GreenLight\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\users\lopatin.oleg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GreenLight\GreenLight\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\users\lopatin.oleg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GreenLight\GreenLight\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\users\lopatin.oleg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GreenLight\GreenLight\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\lopatin.oleg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GreenLight\GreenLight\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\lopatin.oleg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GreenLight\GreenLight\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
c:\users\lopatin.oleg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GreenLight\GreenLight\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\lopatin.oleg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GreenLight\GreenLight\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\lopatin.oleg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GreenLight\GreenLight\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\lopatin.oleg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GreenLight\GreenLight\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\lopatin.oleg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GreenLight\GreenLight\obj\Debug\GreenLight_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\lopatin.oleg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GreenLight\GreenLight\obj\Debug\GreenLight_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\lopatin.oleg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GreenLight\GreenLight\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\lopatin.oleg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GreenLight\GreenLight\obj\Debug\GreenLight.g.resources
c:\users\lopatin.oleg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GreenLight\GreenLight\obj\Debug\GreenLight.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\lopatin.oleg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GreenLight\GreenLight\obj\Debug\GreenLight.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\lopatin.oleg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GreenLight\GreenLight\obj\Debug\GreenLight.exe
c:\users\lopatin.oleg\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GreenLight\GreenLight\obj\Debug\GreenLight.pdb
C:\Users\lopatin.oleg\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GreenLight\GreenLight\obj\Debug\GreenLight.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
